perf(treesitter): partial injection and incremental invalidation (#26827)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/news.txt

TREESITTER

• |LanguageTree:parse()| runs injection query only on the provided list of

>   ranges as long as the langauge does not have a combined injection,
>   signifincantly improving |treesitter-highlight| performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ranges as long as the language does not have a combined injection,
  significantly improving |treesitter-highlight| performance.
```
